content(feat): add administration/users (#149)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/administration/users/tabs/groups.rst

Groups
------

> This tab allows you to maange groups to a user (if your own permissions allow it).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab allows you to manage groups for a user (if your own permissions allow it).

```

.. image:: ../images/groups_global_view.png
    :alt: Global view groups
    :align: center
    :scale: 42%

Add a group
~~~~~~~~~~~

To add a group :

* select the group in the dropdown list
* if the user can manage the group
* click on Add

.. image:: ../images/add_group.png
    :alt: Add group
    :align: center
    :scale: 50%

.. note:: If the user is a manager of a group, he has the right to modify the group. He can therefore add and delete users from this group.

Delete a group
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> to delete a group, use massive action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a group, use massive actions

```
